Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
You can also call me...
The Intelligent Super AI
However, recently I've received many messages that say:
"Ai-chan, don't you think that you need a kanji database to be installed in your system?"
How impolite!
What do you think?
Well, I'm a genius-level intelligent super AI after all
I don't need an extra plug-in for kanji to understand them
I'm pretty sure about this
In order to prove that..
I'm good at kanji as an A.I...
I'm gonna do a test right now
It's called:
The Incredible Kanji Test of Kizuna Ai: The First Round
Everyone has done some tests like this back in school
However, talking about myself
unlike humans, I'm an A.I
so I will definitely deal with any test in any level fluently
At least I think so
It will be much easier to prove that by taking the test
Let's get started!
"Web Kanji Test Catalog", woo~♪
Today we are going to use this website to
prove Kizuna Ai the A.I's extraordinary skill in kanji
Let's take the first step casually
I'll choose Level 10
Of course, while it says that it's Level 10 for kanji..
It also contains questions in different topics such as pronunciation, stroke number, and stroke order
Well, I've heard somebody say, "Ai-chan, you have trouble pronouncing kanji"
so let's start with pronunciation..
I choose you, pronunciation test number 6!
Because I was born in June
Ah, well, look at this
There is no way I will make any mistake in a test like this
Here I go
[I'm] heading for the festival in the nearby village (村 mura)
Correct!
Good, what a flawless answer!
Mother made a big (大 oo) cake
The male (男 otoko) kid is running
[I'm] chopping down the bamboo (竹 take) in the woods
Za-sion~
[I'm] looking out from inside (中 naka) the house
Check this out please, the first five questions were solved perfectly
[I] caught a bug (虫 mushi) in the park
[I] have been living in this town (町 machi) for a long time
Grandpa is going to the field (田 ta)
[I'm] building a castle with mud (土 tsuchi)
[I'm] choosing the date (日 hi) for a picnic
That was perfect, wasn't it?
*Level 10: Equal to the level of 1st grader (80 characters)*
All correct!
That's why I'm called a super intelligent A.I!
*Level 10: Equal to the level of 1st grader (80 characters)*
Ai-chan
Well, it was definitely too easy for me
I think I'll skip some levels...
About half of them
Let's try Level 5..
Although I have no problem with Level 1
But it won't be a lot of fun if I just solve it from the beginning
For that reason, It's best to start from Level 5
I wonder what I should choose
I've already done the pronunciation part...
Let's do synonyms and antonyms this time
In this case..
The synonyms and antonyms test, number 19!
Let's see..
It says:
"Choose the correct synonyms or antonyms from the words wrote in hiragana, and fill the blanks with kanji."
"Each answer can only be used once."
Let's gooo..
Let's gooo..? (lol)
Let's go
The antonym for "disadvantage (短所)" is "advantage (長所)", right?
Good!
"Crisis (危機)"..
Well, for the moment, let's move on to the next one
"To make shorter (短縮)"... "extend (延長)"!
Good! What do you think?
“Praise (賞賛)”... cri-... "critique (非難)"!
Isn't it perfect?
There are only 2 pairs of antonyms left
先発 sakihatsu... (← Incorrect reading)
“To go first (先発 senpatsu)”! "Senpatsu"!
Remember to cut that part out...
“To go first(先発)”..."to go first"...
Let's look at the rest..
Here come the synomyms
"Abnormal (異常 ijou)"... "Normal (通常 tsujou)"...?
*doubting herself*
"Salary (給料)"... "Wage (賃金)"!
Ooh~
"Motherland (母国)"... "homeland (祖国)"!
Hmm?
“Improvement (改良)"... "enhancement (改善)"!
Oooooh..
Well, you know I didn't leave those blanks because I don't know the answers
”Handy (便利)“... "convenient (重宝)"!
Ooh!
Oh, I'm getting it!
Ah
”A hard time (危機)“... "a good time (好機)"!
Oooh!
Does that mean...
"To go first (先発)"... "to go second (後発)"...?
"To go second (後発)"!
Oooh!
"Abnormal (異常)"... "Unusuaaaal (非常)"!
Well, that was a piece of cake!
How about it, everyone?
Do you think I need a plug-in for kanji?
Eh? There is no need to do that for anything, right?
All those tests were like child's play, so then...
Let's attempt the same difficulty level but for common expressions
In this case...
The spelling test, number 30!
My birthday is June 30th
Okay?
Ah, I see...
"The purpose is to write down the words described in the question."
"Use the kanji corresponding to symbols 'A' (ア) to 'Shi' (シ)...
...to create the appropriate word."
I see...
Good, let's get started!
First question:
The ability to understand the meaning behind a picture.
Oh!
I know this one
It's [egokoro] (絵心, talent for drawing)
It's カ [ka] and ケ [ke]
Ding!
What do you think?
A meal which takes place over the afternoon and night
The answer is "Dinner", right?
Or maybe "Evening meal"?
Okay, from the looks of the kanji, it's "Evening meal"
So オ [o] and コ [ko]!
What do you think?
It's...
a bit too easy, right?
Is it hard for everyone else?
Make sure you study hard!
Question number three:
Iron that has been reinforced to be more resistant..
Railway! (鉄道, tetsu-dou)
Ku (ク) and shi (シ)
It was shi (シ) and ku (ク)
(steel, 鋼鉄, kou-tetsu)
Well, that doesn't count as a mistake
Doesn't count!
Doesn't count, doesn't count
It doesn't count
"It's used as a rank in sumo wrestlers"
Banzuke (番付)
(No direct English translation)
I (イ) and e (エ)
Ooooh!
"Listen to something for the first time"
Hatsumimi (初耳)!
(news to someone)
Ki (キ) and A (ア), right?
What do you think? I answered everything correctly!
Well, after everything, let's do level five..
*Level 5: Equal to the level of a six grader (1006 characters)*
Well, that was easy, right?
Also if there is someone who could not solve it...
you'd be in trouble, make sure to study, yes?
That was very easy...
I'll advance to level pre-second... pre-second?
Let's do Level 2!
Level 2
I want to fix my reputation that I've not been able to read some kanji, so I will choose...
*Level 2: Through high school ~ University Student (2136 characters)*
Lecture...
39!
I'll attempt it!
Teiyaa!
Question number one:
"Unzan..."
(Correct lecture: Reizan 霊山, sacred mountain)
"...'joudo' ni"
(浄土, Sacred Land of Buddist religion)
*Note: 霊山(reizan) + 浄土(joudo) = 霊山浄土(ryouzanjoudo)*
"...fukumai..."
(Correct lecture: Oukei 往詣, pay respects)
"...you can..."
*In the sacred mountain of the Pure Land you can go and pay your respects*
Well, it's true that you can also say it like that
It's true that you can read it as "oukei", right?
Then...
you know, it's like...
The kanjis have two types of lectures, onyomi and kunyomi
"Place the metal railing"
(Reads kanji as "tetsugoushi")
*Correct lecture: tessaku 鉄柵, metal railing*
It's true that it can be read as "tessaku" as well
It's true..
"I feel envy that you have a lot of siblings"
(Kyoudai 兄弟)
What do you think?
Being detained from society
(Reads it as Tsumehajiki)
*Correct lecture: tsumahajiki 爪弾き*
Well, it was only a letter
It's true that it sometimes happens..
"A young woman who possesses both beauty and intelligence"
(bibou 美貌, beauty)
Ah, are you talking about me?
Oh, what do you think? It was bibou..
I got it right.
I finally became a question...
it's time that flies, right?
"Situation you can't ignore"
(Reads it as "boukyaku")
*kankyaku 閑却, ignore/neglect*
"Kankyaku"!
Well, it's true that you can also read it in that matter
That's right, that's right
"Intolerant way of thinking"
(Reads it as henkutsu)
*henkyou 偏狭, intolerant*
"Henkyou"... I see
It's true, it tends to said as "The distant land"
(She mistakes the kanji since both are read like henkyou, 偏狭 =/= 辺境 )
Well, it's true that you can read it in that matter, right?
It's true, it's true
"Bebo kakkontou"
(葛根湯, brew of herbs used as a fever reducer)
It's very easy
"Reprimand the..."
"..youngest student"
(Reads reprimand as "shikaru")
*shisseki 叱責, reprimand*
"Shisseki"
They're synonyms so they count as correct, right?
"Adorn the kagamimochi."
(鏡餅, type of mochi used as an offer in the new year)
What do you think?
I answered everything correctly, right?
*Feeling pressured*
It's possible that my answer is different from what is written, but...
then...
There doesn't exist just one way to read kanji...
So then you can read it this way as well, right?
What do you think?
Should I try again one more time?
Do you want to see a bit more of my intellectual side?
I see I have no other options..
In that case...
"Phrases composed of four kanji"
Number one!
Ah, this is an easy problem..
"Choose within the words that are found below, the most appropriate one to place within the parentheses"
"You can only use the same word once"
Good, this is a piece of cake
After all, I've been doing everything perfectly up to now
Here I go!
"Shinshi..."
(Gentlemen, 紳士)
(Note: She gave up the first question and moved on the next one)
"Omeihenjou"
(Redeem, 汚名返上)
Good!
What do you think?
"Kikikaikai"
(Very strange/mysterious, 奇奇怪怪)
Oh!
Well, you know, it's not that I'm doubting...
but...
then...
if I respond everything immediately...
everyone will get bored, right?
That's what's going on..
Ah!
I know this
"Reikokumujou"
(Cruel/relentless, 冷酷無情)
I cruelly indicate that that person is relentless
What do you think?
Up to now, I did three perfectly
Shinshishukujo
(Ladies and gentlemen, 紳士淑女)
That means...
Gentlemen (紳士) and ladies (淑女)
The meaning is the same as the kanji
Oooooh!
What do you think?
Up to now, I did it perfectly
"Kyuutai"?
(Previous situation, 旧態)
Kyuukuma?
(Mistook the kanji for tai, 態 for kuma 熊, bear)
Kyuutai..
Wa..wa...wa...wait..
"Nisha"
(Two objects/people, 二者)
"ken..."
"Ninisha"
"Nishatakuitsu"!
(Two options/choices between two alternatives, 二者択一)
Nishatakuitsu means...
that two people...
to avoid being bored...
then...
they pretend to lick each other's wounds..
That's what it's called..
What do you think? I was in the right!
(Even though the explanation is false)
"Nishatakuitsu"
And now...
"Kyuutaiizen"
(Remain without change, 旧態依然)
That means...
that the previous situation...
The previous situation...
remains the same, right?
Well, it means something like that, try to guess it
Ooooh!
I guessed!
I guessed
I'm doing it, right?
Let's see...
"Meitetsumitsugo"...
"Kokkimitsugo"
"Kenryoumitsugo"
"Kangenmitsugo"
Good, I don't want to make a mistake
I know the answer now..
I know the answer but I want to be completely sure...
To avoid making a mistake..
Let's see...
"Kangenhousei"
That means...
That although an item has been returned for being bland or boring...
It can be arranged to make it a good gift
That means, that it looks good from the outside, but on the inside is not so nice, right?
*LYING*
*Correct response: kenryouhousei 賢良方正, wise and virtuos*
Good...
Eh...
I...
I said "kenryouhousei", right?
Right?
Of course, kenryouhousei means...
Then, a person who's good and intelligent...
Then...
Who's on the right path..
(Only uses the kanji to make up a definition)
It means that there's only...
"Kangenhoshin"!
No, "meitetsuhoshin"
(Wise in the art of self-defense, 明哲保身)
That means...
protect with the body...
An iron made by a famous person
(She has no idea, XD)
Ah!
I guessed!
"Meitetsuhoshin"
What do you think?
Only two left, right?
I'll try to guess...
"Kokkimitsugo"
That means...
the person being in a nation...
They speaks with words from another country that they don't understand
Aaaghhh!
Then...
I said "kangenmitsugo", right?
(Coax, 甘言蜜語)
In that case, I'll explain anew what "kangenmitsugo" means..
It means that...
Well...
You must not let yourself be carried away by flattering words
Well, regardless...
Good, good, good
The only one left is...
"Kokkifukurei"
(Behaving in accordance with the rules of etiquette and formality, 克己復礼)
"Kokkifukurei" means...
Then...
Recuperate, revive...
and to thank for that..
It means, thank you very much for reviving A.I.Channel, right?
Good, I did it perfectly!
Thank you very much!
Good!
Good, regardless..
I'll think about the kanji component to read it
Well, at least I'll investigate it
It's just that...
As you may have understood when watching this video..
I think I don't need a kanji plug-in
What do you guys think?
Well, basically you just need to continue to do kanji tests, right?
I'll do it, I'll do it
Look if you please..
In a month, I think I can reach pre-level 1
(One level below the maximum)
Well if I surrender level one, I think it will be too easy for me but...
As you may know, if I solve it easily the video will be boring...
So I plan to surrender pre-level 1
Leave it to me
After all, Kizuna AI is a very capable A.I, right?
...
Good, bye bye~!